Well you know that at the end of last week it was
announced with a small clip of Rocio
Carrasco as a project.
Honestly, when I saw the announcement I
thought it was like an interview just with
Rocio Carrasco, I didn't think it was a
commercial or anything like that. Yes, it was
perfectly discussed that Kiko
Hernandez has a production company with
her husband and they had counted on Rocio
Carrasco for something that we didn't know what it was
but she said no more
silence I won't shut up so of course
everything seemed to be an interview
and about gender violence. What's the
deal, man? Well, the deal is that in the
end when I came back yesterday and I was here with
you all live seeing what
is, uh, what has been published. Well, man, it's
not about gender violence
because it's about sexual assault
exactly and it's not an interview with
her as a victim but several
famous people appear, some more famous, others not so
famous, I think they are actresses, I think
they are well-known people in Melilla and so on.
Because it's an advertisement, a commercial from the
Melilla government, like when the one comes out
here.  you crash that Pablo Moto came out
that they made like an SP I don't know what
then Antonio David has come out
saying that he wants to report because such as
the people of the blue tide saying that it
is a barb against Antonio David and I
sincerely for the reasons that I am going to
give you and now they are going to give their opinion
as well because I told you yesterday and and I
still maintain that I do not see in this
one any barb on the part of Roso Carrasco or
Kiko Hernandez that then
Kiko Hernandez Maybe he will take advantage of it and
go around clicking a little I do not know
but as such the spot does not make any
reference to Antonio David because
Antonio David accuses him
of gender violence and
apart from that it is that they are talking about
sexual assaults that until
now Antonio David has never said anything about
and in addition it is that several girls appear
several women appear who are not
victims they
are women with whom Kiko and Fran have
counted because surely because of the visibility
and among them they have
taken Roso Carrasco as a claim because they
knew that this well what was going to be
talked about on YouTube Well  in fact Kiko
has opened a channel exclusively for
this so for me there is no such thing I am
telling the truth I mean when there is a barb there is a
barb but I am not going to see barb where there is no
barb if there is one then I say Hey look they have
put it in again they have spoiled her
but this time I just can't
find the correlation no which of
you wants to start I start I
disagree you start please okay let's see
I do see barb and I am going to repeat myself a
little what I told you yesterday on the
call let's separate uh the barb issue
from the legal issue okay I see barb Yes yes I
see it Why because of the context I mean
in the end we come from a context in which during the last three years a social debate has been generated around uh the docuseries and the accusations that I know were made in the
docuseries so you count on that
specific person who is not an actress or
rather because the rest of the people uh They are
a bit of that of well actresses or worlds of
or rather a bit of that of the artist eh But
this person is not an actress so at the
moment in which  you count on her
taking into account the history of the
last three years of social debate that has been
generated as a result of her
docuseries and uh I mean I consider that it
is a barb and apart from that she is using the
hook of having her to generate
a debate around the spot so that it is
talked about more, or rather, or rather as a
marketing strategy as well, or rather
apart from the barb there has been a clear
marketing strategy for
me a round of applause for Roman who just
gave away 10 members and finally the
program this streamy Finally
notifies it, I mean it's true Now it doesn't do it
now new it doesn't do it a little while ago yes Well
look, a round of applause for Roman eh
Carmen eh I don't see it as a barb for
Antonio David but of course it suits him to
cling as always to
victimhood everything goes for him everything the
victim of everyone is that no
Why is it a barb for him because Rocío appears
everything that Rocío appears for him is a
barb it is an offense and it is to continue
having This one yes that stretches what
stretches the chle this deb first each
one the opinion and  then we debate but
it's not that I mean because Kiko invited her I agree that Kiko has taken advantage of the fact that Rocío Well right now If other people had come out other than Rocío it wouldn't have had the same Let's say the same repercussions that's clear Yes I agree with that but
the other gentleman Of course He takes it all
because why because it suits
him to do five live broadcasts
Live broadcasts four saying that he's going to
report her saying that Well I don't know
yet he wasn't going to report her
How long ago how long did he say that how long ago he was
going to report her eh we're talking about
2021 and if I'm not mistaken I've already done it from
experience be careful with if I'm not
mistaken it's 4 years that you have to
report we're talking I don't know because
the complaints are going to accumulate but it
's absurd they name him in the announcement
Rocío says something about him about his subject about something it
's absurd he takes it well Hey
if he takes it for
himself It was I would have seen it gosh if the
announcement had been about
gender violence and  if in it instead of the women
who appear no because this girl
who sells products with Kiko appears the one with
whom Lara di Bildo appears No if
Victims of gender violence had appeared
then there you say you [ __ ] has come
in as a victim of
gender violence he is telling her there again no
that the other is a But well FJ I
understand Carmen's part And yes I would
say that let's see if we start from scratch
completely and Rocío appears in this spot she
says okay she wasn't saying she's not
sending any digs she says no more
silence and little else but with the part about
Alazne having to have a
history at hand and what she has tried to
point out Antonio David specifically yes
with what you say Javi and that is that
this spot is against sexual assault and
not against the elimination of violence
against women but it is published on the same
day no and and and I agree that it is used
as a hook
but I still maintain that it is still
a dig, that is to say starting from
scratch no but with all the history yes